Lot of people believe that simply accepting the fiction created by some religion that the way of life should be in that way. Then only you will have pathway to heaven after death. Hindu mythology often portraits death as a way of jumping to next chapter. If you do good things in previous life. You will have a peaceful and luxurious life in this life. Or else you will struggle a lot. Do good things to others, so that your next life will be perfect. Even if we accept that part.

We can't possibly prove it. You can't tell if you born a cat or a cow or a human in your previous life. Every person has a cycle of life. If we disrupts that cycle. Larger discomfort will be released. In Mahabharata, Arjuna asks Krishna that he can't kill his family(which was a opposite group). Krishna said everything is cycle of life. If you set aside your purpose for the sake of your family. You will disrupts the cycle of life. It will create greater amount of consequences. 

Meaning of life doesnt always expected to be fictional story. We can't just possibly structure it into a story. It was a thing that we(humans)can't possibly imagine. Some say meaning of life is about finding love, or after finding that love, making sure it stays long. Then only you will stop searching for meaning of life. Some people put their meaning in the objects. In India, soldiers protect their flag above their life. Because in their perspective it has some meaning. They try to accept suffering for the greater cost of life. God lives or not. Or any religion is true or not. We should just trust that one God is their with different names. But have greater plan for their purpose. But why. Why God keeps us living, what's purpose of being put us here. To live with the exposure of emotions to feel about. Maybe being here must be only of the most luckiest thing happened for ourself. [[Meaning]]